hey guys it's ray and today I'm going to
be doing my top guilty pleasure reads
now I decided to make this video because
I feel like I spend a lot of time
discussing the books that move me
because you know they have deep writing
or like they have fantastic plots and
stuff like that but there is a John or a
book that I don't touch on as much and
that is guilty pleasures i define guilty
pleasures as books that are maybe not
the most creative maybe not the most
well-written
but for whatever reason I fly through
them and I'm a little bit obsessed with
them after I finish reading them but on
the flip side because I consider them
guilty pleasures I don't necessarily
talk about them as much so today I
thought I would make a whole dedicated
video about them to tell you about them
so get started first on the list is
honestly one of my ultimate guilty
pleasures and that is shattered me from
the shatter me trilogy about fights
ahead of mathy this is so addicting it
is about a woman named Juliet who spent
in captivity all of her life because her
touch is literally lethal she touches
people they die
this series has one of the greatest love
triangles of all time and that is why it
is so addicting and the writing is quite
frankly beautiful it is set in a
dystopian world but no one really cares
about that because you're much more
interested in the love triangle and what
the heck is going to happen between all
of the characters it's funny it's angsty
it is a ride and you will probably read
it in a couple of days because it is so
darn addictive my next guilty pleasure
reads is the angel fall trilogy by Susan
II the first one big angel fall the
second one being world after now this is
a post-apocalyptic angel novel set in
you know like our world after the world
has ended these feel similar extremely
fast-paced plot snarky main character
but again the best part about it is that
lovely angsty romance that exists
between our main character and guess
wait for it a fallen angel so um these
there's only the first two novels of
this out the last one I believe is
coming out this year sometime or early
next year I am very excited to finish up
this trilogy another one that I fly
through they're super duper addicting
and great because of that next on the
list is a paranormal romance and it is
the sweet evil trilogy the first one
being sweet evil this is about children
of demons essentially there are the
deadly sins and they have children and
they have to you know work for their
parents and continue on doing sinful
things but our main characters in this
trilogy don't really want to so they're
kind of fighting against their parents
and our main characters you know that
good girl and she falls in love with the
bad boy and it is exactly as outrageous
as you think it would be it is so
ridiculous but even still so addicting
because it is so ridiculous it is like
if you're in the mood for paranormal
romance and something that kind of makes
you roll your eyes a lot read this
because it's some of the best of the why
a paranormal romance and my opinion next
we're going into the very obvious sector
with of course City of Bones by
Cassandra Clare this series just The
Mortal Instruments series I have been
reading for the longest time and as I'm
sure many of you know it follows shadow
hunters who exist in our reality they
fight demons that we cannot see and they
live in an institute together and they
fight the demons and in city of in the
Mortal Instruments we follow main
character named Clary who didn't know
she was of Shadowhunter descent like
descendency till like she almost got
killed by a demon so that's kind of the
premise of the first book these books
are ridiculous I've been reading them
since seventh grade but because there's
that nostalgic factor and then addicting
quality that Cassandra Clare has I will
continue to read them as she pumps out
another one every single year probably
until I'm 50 um but these books are
great there's a lot of awesome plot
twists don't go in expecting much but if
you want something a little fun and a
little you know humorous definitely
check out this series and on the same
side of that I also have the Infernal
Devices by Cassandra Clare but in my
opinion this side series to the Mortal
Instruments is actually much much much
better it is honestly I feel like
Cassandra Clare's best books that she
has published but they still have the
same addictive guilty-pleasure quality
the mortal instrument has but
in my opinion much better more fleshed
out characters and much more lovable
characters aka will Haren tell who's
like my favorite person ever to be in a
book so any last guilty pleasure book
I'm going to be talking about today it's
one that might be a little bit
surprising but it is the bronze horseman
by Paulina Simons this is an adult
romance book I don't care how people
classify it it is set in historical
setting but it is a romance book no
matter which way slice and/or dice it
and it is absolutely the most dramatic
book I have ever read in my entire life
I was obsessed with this book when I
started to read it and was reading it
but when I finished it I realized kind
of how ridiculous it really was but I
loved it anyway this is a historical
fiction novel set in Russia following
our two main protagonists following our
two main protagonists talk to you and
Alexander two star-crossed lovers that
can't be together and then there's a war
background and it's so dramatic this is
actually a trilogy but I haven't
continued on because when I finished
this one I was a little emotionally and
mentally exhausted from reading it but
it is so addicting like this to me
personifies like guilty pleasure book
like it's kind of SH Moody its kind of
caters to like all the like fantasies of
like a romance like this big strong dark
handsome soldier man but it's good it's
definitely very good alrighty guys those
are all of my favorite guilty pleasure
reads let me know down below some books
that you consider guilty pleasures that
you love and I will see you guys soon
with another video soon goodbye